[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a psychological
thriller film triangle
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
jess is a single mother to tommy
an autistic boy she loves him but she
often can't control her temper
as tommy behaves different from other
kids one day
seeing spilled pain on the floor jess
yells at tommy and slaps him in the face
but shortly after she regrets abusing
her son
tears in her eyes she holds tommy and
tells him that he just had a bad dream
and that when he's haunted by the bad
dream again he should close his eyes
and think of something nice later she
hears a doorbell
but no one is there no time to wonder
about it
she is in a hurry taking her son to go
sailing with her friends
scheduled tommy cries reluctant to go
out
just picks him up by force and hops into
her car and heads to the harbor
when jess arrives at the harbor her
friends are already on board
seeing jess warren out and alone greg
feels a little bit confused
and ask for her son tommy is jess
hesitates for a moment before saying
he's at school
but it is apparently saturday that day
still confused though
greg holds back his questions while they
sail
jess sleeps for a long time in the cabin
when she wakes up and walks to the deck
greg teaches her how to steer a yacht
just looks much better now
so the confused greg asks what was going
on with her as she was never like this
before
jess answers an uncertainty that maybe
she was upset not being with her son
greg says she is a good mom but she
can't be with her son all along
the wind stops and the puff sail
deflates
scared of the coming storm greg calls
the rescue center for help via the
wireless
he receives no reply but a weak signal
of a woman's panic voice
she cries for help and mumbles that they
are all dead
then greg loses the signal hit by the
storm
the yaw is upturned the friends float
blindly on the wreckage
waiting for rescue but one woman is
missing
and only five of the six of them remain
seeing jess in a daze
greg asked whether her son is at school
just nods her head unsurely
greg consoles her that when they get
back home they will take good care of
her son
and he will be fine jess says nothing
seemingly getting lost
moments later from out of nowhere
approaches a huge cruise ship
they glimpse a figure on the deck and
they wave their arms
and cry for help when they embark on the
ship the mysterious figure they saw is
gone
they shout loudly but nobody responses
jess looks around and feels familiar as
if she had been on this ship before
greg pays not much attention to her
suspicion telling her
all cruise ships are alike the ship is
named after euless
god of wind in greek mythology sisyphus
the son of elis broke a promise he made
to death
as a result his punishment was to roll
an immense boulder up a hill
only to watch it roll back down and to
repeat this fate of luke forever
suddenly the friends hear a bunch of
keys clang to the floor
jess is astonished to find they are hers
with a keyring of her son's photo
but no one knows how the keys got there
later they walk into the dining room the
fruits are fresh
yet no one is there when jess turns
around
she sees someone running away victor
runs after this unknown someone
jess and greg follow the noise to a room
with go to theater written on the mirror
in blood while greg thinks it's just the
trick of the crew
jess believes there must be danger in
the ship so she turns around
trying to get off greg anxiously stops
her
and asks her not to derange jess tells
him not to judge her
all that is in her mind right now is to
pick her son back home from school
then she leaves in anger jess goes
around
and finds herself in the dining room
again when victor stumbles in all
bloodied
jess hurries at him trying to offer help
but victor grabs her neck to suffocate
her
during the fight jess locates a wound on
the backside of victor's head
and sinks her hand into it killing him
jess hears another scream
and she runs to the theater only to find
greg lying on the floor
shot dead sally cries and blames jess
for greg's death
declaring it was jess who shot him that
time
they hear another gunfire there is a
masked figure
shooting at them from upstairs two more
friends are shot dead
but jess is spared she runs away from
the theater
and comes to the deck the masked figure
flattens her from the back
and turns the gun on her jess begs in
terror for not shooting her
saying she has a son to take care of but
the masked figure shoots at her
fortunately jess grabs the gun barrel
and the shot misses her
she rises from the floor and escapes the
masked figure runs after her
and shoots at her until the bullets are
used up but jess is not killed
the masked figure then throws the gun
onto jess
jess runs to a quarter picks up a fire
axe from the wall
the two have fierce fighting on the deck
jess overpowers the masked figure
and pushes her against the yacht edge
jessie asks who the [ __ ] he is
but the masked figure only mumbles
urging jess to kill them all
and that's the only way for her to get
home furious
just doesn't understand what she is
saying
she wields the axe to hack her and the
masked figure falls into the sea
before jess can take a break she hears
cries again
and she sees a group of people floating
on an upturned yacht
waving arms toward her and crying for
help
she is astonished to find out they are
her friends it is even weirder when she
sees herself among them
so she recoils in horror when the
friends embark on the ship
jess sneaks up behind them all that they
say
and do are exactly the same as what
happened just then
that bunch of keys is actually jess's
she drops them down to the floor by
accident
while trying to spy on the recent
onboard group
and that someone running away seen by
the second on board jess
is also her victor who runs after that
unknown someone
catches up with jess jess tries to
explain to him what has just happened
but victor doesn't understand
and thinks she is crazy agitated just
pushes victor against the wall
and a long hook pierces the backside of
his head
that is why beethore is all bloodied
with a wound on the backside of his head
then the poor vitor stumbles back to the
dining room
and encounters the second on board jess
not knowing what actually happened
he grabs her neck in a rage and then the
second on board jess sinks her hand into
his wound on the back
side of his head visual does not know he
has met two different jets
one is the first on board jess who knows
everything
the other is the second on board jess
who knows nothing
after that the loop goes round and round
again
later the previous onboard jess reminds
the later on board jess with a note
telling the ladder to kill all the
onboard group and it's the only way to
get home and see her son
so just makes up her mind she picks up
the gun
and puts on a mask revealing that
mysterious mass figure on the boat
is actually just herself who just takes
the same role from her previous self
the never-ending cycle goes round and
round with
more and more lives of the same person's
gone
at last masked jess who falls into the
sea
gets washed onto the shore and heads
back home hastily
from outside jess sees her son tommy and
her heart is filled with affection
and to her shock she hears her morning
self inside the house
urges tommy to go out with her to sail
yells at him in a bad temper
and slaps him in the face seeing that
jess is furious
she rings the bell then sneaks up behind
and bludgeons her with a hammer
and in tears she holds the poor tommy in
her arms
and tells him that he just had a really
bad dream and that when he's haunted by
bad dreams again
he should close his eyes and think of
something nice
soon after that jess drives to the
harbour with his son
on the way she consoles him that she
will never abuse him anymore
even when he has done wrong but the sun
still remains
silent feeling guilty and helpless she
tells tommy that violent woman who
abused him
was not his real mom and that monster
will never come again
on the way seagull hits the windshield
suddenly
seeing blood splashing tommy is
frightened and begins to cry
while jess turns around to comfort him a
truck speeds by
then her car is knocked off the ground
and tumbles over
causing tommy to die unfortunately and
just to be knocked down lifeless
seconds later however jess stands up
uninjured
when a taxi driver approaches her he
tells jess the boy is dead
and no one can prevent death from taking
him away
jess accepts his offer for a ride and
they drive to the harbor
upon arrival the driver asks her if it
is a round trip
she promises him she would come back so
the driver waits for her return with the
meter on
chess gets off the taxi boards the ship
to join her friends
later she shows up before greg worn out
alone
and in a daze the same as she is in the
very beginning
hinting that she enters another loop of
the death journey we're just like the
son of elis
who suffered endless punishments due to
his breaking promise made to death
jess will probably suffer the same
because she chooses to sail out with her
friends
rather than return as promised resulting
in her breaking the promise to the
driver
actually the death sent there to escort
her to hell
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out